#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
agate==1.9.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   dbt-snowflake
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
arrow==1.3.0
    # via cookiecutter
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   scramp
    #   snowflake-connector-python
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via agate
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via jaraco-context
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via redshift-connector
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
boto3==1.35.20
    # via redshift-connector
botocore==1.35.20
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   redshift-connector
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
colorama==0.4.6
    # via dbt-common
cookiecutter==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==43.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
daff==1.3.46
    # via dbt-core
db-dtypes==1.3.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
dbt-adapters==1.6.1
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-bigquery==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
dbt-common==1.8.0
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-core==1.8.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   dbt-postgres
    #   dbt-redshift
    #   dbt-snowflake
dbt-extractor==0.5.1
    # via dbt-core
dbt-postgres==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dbt-redshift
dbt-redshift==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
dbt-semantic-interfaces==0.5.1
    # via dbt-core
dbt-snowflake==1.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
deepdiff==7.0.1
    # via dbt-common
filelock==3.16.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
google-api-core[grpc]==2.19.2
    # via
    #   dbt-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.34.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-bigquery[pandas]==3.25.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-dataproc==5.12.0
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-cloud-storage==2.18.2
    # via dbt-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.6.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.65.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.1
    # via google-cloud-dataproc
grpcio==1.66.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   keyring
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   agate
    #   dbt-common
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via keyring
jaraco-functools==4.0.2
    # via keyring
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
keyring==25.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
leather==0.4.0
    # via agate
logbook==1.5.3
    # via dbt-core
lxml==5.3.0
    # via redshift-connector
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mashumaro[msgpack]==3.13.1
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
minimal-snowplow-tracker==0.0.2
    # via dbt-core
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via mashumaro
networkx==3.3
    # via dbt-core
numpy==2.1.1
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via deepdiff
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   redshift-connector
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
parsedatetime==2.6
    # via agate
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
platformdirs==4.3.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
proto-plus==1.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
protobuf==4.25.4
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-dataproc
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.9
    # via dbt-postgres
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.1
    # via dbt-semantic-interfaces
pydantic-core==2.23.3
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   agate
    #   cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via agate
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-core
    #   pandas
    #   redshift-connector
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
redshift-connector==2.0.917
    # via dbt-redshift
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   redshift-connector
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rich==13.8.1
    # via cookiecutter
rpds-py==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.2
    # via boto3
scramp==1.4.5
    # via redshift-connector
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   isodate
    #   minimal-snowplow-tracker
    #   python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python[secure-local-storage]==3.12.2
    # via dbt-snowflake
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.1
    # via
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-redshift
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240906
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   dbt-adapters
    #   dbt-common
    #   dbt-core
    #   dbt-semantic-interfaces
    #   mashumaro
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   snowflake-connector-python
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
zipp==3.20.2
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
